-- Sync by Rafael UPD --
www.addic7ed.com/
Ok, kids, thank you
for joining me here
In the walk-in.
Thank you all.
You said we
had to, so...
Shush.
Brr!
I should have brought
my cardigan.
I have an announcement
about the restaurant.
Here in this box
is the beef
That will make our--
gene, drumroll, please.
[imitating rock 'n' roll
drum solo]
Ok, enough.
Gene.
[slows and stops
drums solo]
Here in this box
is the beef
That will make
our 100,000th burger.
Wow.
Can I touch it?
I wanna touch it, too.
I wanna feel it
between my toes. Mmm.
I wanna put a stick
of dynamite in it
And blow it up!
No. What is wrong
with all of you?
No one's touching
this meat but me.
I have an
announcement, too.
My bra
is chafing me.
That's not
a real announcement.
Oh! I have one.
I love...
House music.
There! I said it!
[imitating house beat]
And I'm going to get
my gun license,
Finally.
Oh, congratulations.
Can't believe they're
making you wait 3 days.
Stop stealing
my thunder!
I found the banner!
It's from our old printer.
You just have to tear off
the holes on the side.
We were supposed to hit
100,000 ages ago.
Heh. We were way off.
Yeah.
Big time.
Ha hah!
Can I just--
stop it!
Tina:
There it is.
Get it!
Dive!
Oh, my god.
[both moan]
[sizzles]
Are you number 100,000?
[high-pitched]
no.
[normal]
are you mad at me?
[high-pitched]
no.
[normal]
oh, burger, you're cute.
[high-pitched]
you're cute, too.
[normal]
heh. I'm not.
Whoa. Linda!
I think the news is here!
I wonder if they heard
about our 100,000th burger!
What?!
Hi. How are you? Uh,
what can I do for you?
Are you bob?
Uh, yeah. I am.
I'm randy watkins,
The documentary
filmmaker.
Ok. Uh...
We're making
a film about
the beef industry.
I heard you
were about to hit
Your 100,000th
burger,
And I wanted
to shake your hand.
Oh. Yeah. Um...
Because you,
sir, have blood
on your hands.
Eww. Is this ketchup?
It's the blood
of 100,000
slaughtered cows.
You ketchuped me.
We're here
to force you to face
your victims.
Meet your meat.
What the hell?
Her name
is moolissa.
She's due
to be "processed"
in 5 days, bob,
Unless you choose
to spare her life.
Wh-why?
That's right.
You will decide
her fate.
It's a cow...
Ntdown.
We'll see what your
conscience tells you
When you're
looking your burger
right in the eye.
Ow! This is ridiculous.
It's not a crime
to make burgers.
There's no blood
on our hands!
What's all
the yelling about?
Louise: Turns out dad's
been putting murdered cows
in our hamburgers.
And you made us
a part of it!
You make me sick.
Kids, please.
Oh, look. A cow.
Hello, blondie.
Oops. I got
some meat on you.
Dead cow on live cow.
Gross. Heh heh.
Ohh. God.
Uh, not a good time, linda.
Heh heh. Ooh.
Randy, stop.
Stop filming. You know,
We're not gonna be in
your cow documentary anymore.
Well, you don't really
have a choice, bob,
'cause I stop at nothing
to expose injustice
to animals.
Is that wig glued on?
Yeah. It's--
it's the only way
it would stay put.
It's to, uh,
humanize her.
It's cute.
Mmm.
I've seen cuter.
Honestly, she's a 4.
Randy, I--I don't know
where to begin.
You know, this isn't
even a female cow.
Beef happens
to come from steers,
which are male cows.
Then, uh, how do you
explain that udder?
Whoa. What an udder.
Bob: Get away
from there, tina.
That's, uh, not an udder.
Oh, it's not?
Don't listen
to him, randy.
You go ahead and
milk that cow.
Milk it good.
Oh, we did.
You shouldn't have.
Milk doesn't come out of that.
Somethin' came out of it
in that bucket
over there.
You mean this
bucket of urine?
I know urine,
and that's
urine.
Gene, put that down.
No!
Well, it certainly
smells like urine,
But that's probably
because she's sick.
No, she's not sick.
Sick of
your practices, bob!
Ok. You know,
we're gonna go inside
and call animal control,
And then you'll
have to leave.
[kids moan]
Ok, so you've got
all your permits,
And you're renting
this storefront?
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
And, uh, this cow has
had all its shots?
Yes.
Sure, sure,
sure, sure.
All right. Well, uh,
great. My job is done.
I'll see
you guys later.
Bye.
Bye, animal man.
What?
Oh, will you sign
A release to be
in the movie?
Uh, yeah.
A movie. Yes.
You're gonna
be a star!
Excuse me. Hello.
Thank you.
The person who called you.
You can't have
a cow on the sidewalk.
It's dangerous.
Sir, sir, the only thing
dangerous about this cow
Is how adorable it is.
Moo.
Put your hand on
this cow and touch it.
What?
I just know that that's
gonna help you.
Touch the cow.
Kids: Touch the cow.
I'm walking away.
Touch it.
Oh, right.
Run away, tough guy!
Yeah! Go take
a meat bath!
Or whatever it is
you people do!
"dial 'm' for mooder,"
interview one, take one.
[clears throat]
♪ ma ma ma ma ♪
♪ mi mi mi mi ♪
perfect.
Do you think cows should
be ground up for food?
Personally,
I don't really care,
But my father,
he loves grinding
them up.
Gives him a rush.
Makes him
feel alive.
Daddy's
a bad, bad man.
Is this movie
gonna have a score?
You know, some music
to tug at the heartstrings.
I--I haven't
thought about it yet.
Well, check this out.
[backbeat playing]
[plays dog bark]
think about it.
Louise, what
does that look
like to you?
Cow poop.
Good eye, tina. Good eye.
No. I mean
it's in the shape
of a smiley face,
Like an emoticon.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You think the cow
is texting you an emoticon
With its butt.
Very interesting.
Maybe this cow
is trying to
communicate with us
The only way
it knows how,
with its feces.
Like gram-gram
used to do.
Mom, let's say you
had a brilliant plan,
but to execute it,
You needed
to write something
using cow poop?
How would you do it?
Oh. Is this
a brainteaser?
Hmm. I would use
a frosting bag.
Do we have one?
Yeah, in the pantry.
Am I right?
Is it a frosting bag?
We'll see, mom.
Ahh.
[chuckles]
[evil laughter]
Yeah. Okey-dokey.
Bye, kids.
Have a good day.
Murderer!
[groans]
Oh. Hi, randy.
Whoa.
Wink with
open smile.
Is this for me?
It has to be.
What should I do?
Should I
text back?
Comin' through.
[squish]
Oh, no.
Ehh.
Enh.
Aww.
That's really cute.
It makes me hungry.
Let's eat now.
What's wrong
with you people?!
Yeah! What's wrong
Now let's talk about
your music budget.
Is it a million?
We only need one
megaphone out here.
You know what you need?
You need this!
[backbeat playing]
[plays dog bark]
Think about it!
Wow. We're mobbed.
Thank you, documentary.
Linda, the documentary
is about me being
an evil cow killer.
Louise:
Murderer!
Oh, come on, bob.
There's no such thing
as bad publicity.
This could be huge for us.
Like a sex tape.
Uhh.
It's the best free
advertising we ever had.
I know.
It's almost sad.
For who?
I don't know.
The cow.
The cow's goin' out
In a blaze of glory.
Everybody wins, bob.
I guess
you're right.
I mean, looks kind
of sweet out there--
Enjoying the day,
meeting people.
Hi, cow.
I'm gonna eat you.
Whoa.
Can it hear us?
[linda munching]
Easy.
Like sands
through the hourglass,
There goes my teeth
right into your back.
That's my wife.
Ah, bobby,
I'm friggin' starvin'.
Who could eat
that beautiful
creature?
Shame on you!
Are you going to be
eating a burger today?
We wouldn't dream
of eating an animal.
We run a petting zoo
by the interstate.
It's called
mother goose's
discount petting zoo.
Petting horses,
goats, and sheep.
Precious memories
on the cheap.
It's basically
an animal sanctuary...
That we
make money off of.
Exactly.
[chuckles]
Oh. Hey, randy,
thanks for the business.
[sarcastic]
oh, hey, bob,
you're welcome.
Well, I'm gonna
go to bed soon.
What are you gonna do?
Oh, I'll probably
go to bed, too,
'cause I'm a person.
Bye.
[sizzling]
M-moolissa, watch out!
No!
Bring in the accused.
[crowd clamoring]
Yeah, yeah.
Louise, you're defending me?
[gavel bangs]
This so-called "man"
stands accused
Of murdering nearly
100,000 hamburgers
worth of cows.
I call to the stand
moolissa.
[crowd murmuring]
Objection!
That cow's faking
his injuries!
And I can prove it.
Think fast.
Overruled.
Moolissa, is the man
who killed you
In the courtroom today?
Bob: It's me!
It's me.
I just
make hamburgers.
I never wanted
to be a cow killer.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[gasps]
[snores]
Whoa.
Heavy sleeper.
Wha--what happened?
What's the matter?
Go back to bed.
[sighs]
I'm sorry.
Go back to bed.
[thunder crashes]
[moolissa mooing]
Hey! Randy!
Your cow's gonna freeze
to death out here!
Randy!
Bob: Shh. Easy.
Easy. Back up.
Back up. Back up.
[gasps]
oh, my god.
Heh. I know.
It's a cow!
You know what?
You won't even know it's here.
Uh, that was
like that already.
Definitely clean that.
Oop. Step back.
This is the best
dream I've ever had!
Everybody pee
on the floor!
Who's with me?!
Ok, eat while it's hot.
Well, well, well.
Look who's too good
for cereal now.
He's trying to
impress the cow.
Don't be ridiculous.
Someone knows
how to treat
A lady-slash-
male steer.
Bob, I am not
comfortable with
this situation.
Lin, what was I
supposed to do?
I had that crazy dream.
It was raining.
Well, I had
a crazy dream
That there wouldn't
be a cow's a-s-s
In my face when I'm
eating my breakfast.
I know what that spells.
Ass.
Mom. Heh.
Stop it.
Say good-bye,
everybody.
It's going out
On the street,
where it
belongs.
Of course, ok?
Of course.
Right after breakfast.
Cows can't
go down stairs.
What?
What's that?
Cows can't
go down stairs.
That's, like,
a thing.
I've heard that.
It's like a fun fact.
Bobby...
Hmm.
Cows can't
go down stairs?
That better not be true.
[bob grunting]
Huh.
What do you know?
We know you'll push
on a cow's butt
For half an hour
without asking for help.
Gotta have that butt
all to yourself.
Randy: Hey, bob!
What's the deal, man?
What'd you do
to moolissa?
It's up here!
Come get it out!
Linda. Uh, it's not
up here, randy.
My wife's crazy. Shh.
If he knows
I brought the cow in,
He'll think he won.
So what if he won?
Get the cow out
of the house now.
Stop.
You get it out
of t the house.
I'm trying to--
come get--
Oh. Uh, this cow.
This cow, yeah, is here.
Aha!
Dad, I ran
that bubble bath
For you and
moolissa like
you wanted.
Bubbles!
I'm not taking a bath
with moolissa, randy.
2 days left.
2 days to decide
to send that cow
to slaughter
Or admit
you're a hypocrite
and a murderer.
Wow.
What a movie.
Bob,
what a movie.
It's not my movie,
teddy.
What, are they just
Followin' you around
with a camera?
You're in it,
you're the star,
But it's not
your movie.
Heh.
Good luck, guys.
Will you sign a release?
Sure.
Do you want
my johnk hancock?
Yeah.
Anywhere?
No. O-on the line here.
Better get used
to this, huh?
Gonna be
in the movies. I--
Just on the line.
Right--
so anywhere?
Yeah.
No! No! Where it
says signature!
Ok, what's your name?
Do you want it to you?
No, I--
teddy, what are you doing?!
I'm signing here
an autograph, bob.
[sighs]
one big happy family.
Isn't this nice,
all of us here together?
No.
Are you gonna give me
A poop tonight?
Talk to me.
Mmm. Bob, huh?
Well, it's nice.
They like each other.
It's good for tina.
Come on. Just relax
and--pbbbt!
It's all about
the communication
Pbbbt.
Uh-oh.
Hi, moolissa.
[gasps]
frowny face?
All I've been
is super nice to you,
And this is
the thanks I get?
I loved you.
I loved you like a horse,
Which is my favorite animal.
You know what?
Let's just stop
Before we both say
something we'll regret,
Like that horses
are better than cows.
I regret that.
But it's true.
Where's the cow?
I believe you
mean, "where's
the steer? "
Yeah. Don't forget
about that penis.
Yeah.
Moolissa?
Ha! Cows can
go down stairs.
All you need
is 4 wool socks,
A mattress,
and the will
to make it happen.
You didn't.
Your girlfriend
is tied up outside.
Uh-oh.
Nooooo
Oooo...
What's wrong with dad?
I think he hates leashes.
Ooo!
It's not
my fault, randy.
She was stolen. I mean,
it's no one's fault.
Except for linda's.
I did what I had to do
To protect my family
and my carpet.
Yeah, whatever.
So who do we know
That would steal a cow
in a blonde wig?
Maybe some perverts.
Heh heh.
We had a fight
last night,
me and moolissa.
I just wish I had
a chance to make
things right again.
You wouldn't if you
heard some of the things
she was pooping about you.
Hey, guys!
Take a look at this!
[fast-forwarding]
...On the cheap.
You fellas just
leave her tied up
Here at night
all alone?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
She doesn't mind.
We could just back
a trailer right up
here, honey, huh?
We sure could,
get ourselves a cow.
Yeah.
Get ourselves a cow.
Get ourselves a c--
[both laughing]
What a dump.
Yikes.
Hey, there she is.
Oh, dear god.
[gasps] oh, the cow
that jumped over the moon.
See, that's nice.
Come on.
Let's go get her.
We should come back
after dark.
Why?
It's more dramatic.
That is stupid.
No. No, no, no.
I can see it now,
the big rescue.
We'll shoot
the whole thing
in infrared.
Oh, randy, com--
in infrared?
This is nuts.
The kids should be
in bed, bob.
It's infrared, lin.
Show her.
Oh.
Yeah.
Coo! Coo!
Why are you doing that?
I'm signaling.
Everybody,
serpentine.
Gene: Yes!
We're a unit.
Dad, you should know
If anything happens,
I am in full attack mode
right now.
Me, too. I'm hungry
for blood.
And also candy.
Uh, thanks, kids.
Damn it. I missed
the signal to stand up.
Sorry, everybody.
You let down
the unit.
I said I'm sorry.
Bob, we're here.
What do we do now?
We, uh, uh,
open the gate.
That was easy.
What do
you think
you're doing?
Louise: Gene, attack!
Aah!
Ow! Your children
are biting my legs!
Bob: Randy, get moolissa.
Let's move.
[gnawing]
High-five, bob.
We did it.
High-five, randy.
Nice job.
I mean, we couldn't have
done it without the kids
biting that woman.
She tasted like
sawdust and goats.
3, 2, 1.
Beep.
[buzzer]
Gene: Uh-oh.
Bob, the
cow-ntdown's over.
It's time to decide
moolissa's fate.
Seriously? Right now?
We just rescued her.
She's due at
the slaughterhouse, bob.
What's it gonna be?
Murderer!
Louise, shush.
[gasps]
Randy, can you stop making
your stupid movie
for one minute
And just be
a human being?
I don't know, bob.
Can you stop making
your stupid burgers
For one minute and
be a human being?
So now you're
gonna guilt-trip me?
That's what
the whole movie
is about.
I thought we were
friends now, randy,
'cause we saved
the cow together!
Maybe activists-
slash-documentarians
Can't have friends,
no matter how many
cows they save!
Well, that's
just sad, randy!
I know!
[moo]
[tires skid]
Oh, my god.
That was close.
I don't know
what I would do
if anything
Happened to moo--
[groans]
Ahh.
I didn't hit her!
I--I stopped!
She's probably fine.
She's dead.
She must have had
a cow heart attack.
No.
You know what?
Let me get something out
of my van real quick.
Be right back.
[starts engine,
skids away]
Moolissa!
Oh, my god, no.
Don't you
die on me.
Don't you die.
Say something!
Louise, look.
It's a heart,
A heart-shaped
poop.
What the hell?
I didn't do that.
I'm keeping it.
Bob, you all right?
You look
a little pale.
[groans]
Are we dead?
I'm dead, bob.
You just fainted.
I fainted? Wow.
That's embarrassing.
Ok.
I'm--I'm not
a fainter.
Yeah. I'm--I'm dead.
Right. Yeah.
But listen. There's something
I want you to do for me.
Make burgers out of me.
What?! No. No way.
Yes way, bob.
Look, ever since
I met you,
Making burgers
makes me feel like
a horrible person.
Bob, I'm a castrated steer.
Yeah, I'm a married man.
[both laugh]
Yeah, I'm kid--
Same thing, right?
Yeah. Think about it, though.
I'm a cow, you know?
We're not wild stallions
or humpback whales,
But we wanna
feel special, too.
I do, anyway.
You turn me into
something amazing.
Wait. Isn't this
my subconscious
Telling me what
I want to hear?
Hey, no.
You know what?
Yes, it is, actually.
Well, it's working.
Keep talking.
Kiss me.
No. I can't do that.
You can,
and you want to.
[sighs] ok.
One quick one
because I owe you.
Uh, maybe not.
Maybe I--we shouldn't.
Oh, we should, absolutely.
Oh, my god.
What am I doing?
What are you doing?
I'm about
to kiss a cow.
Yeah.
[harp plays]
[kissing]
Bobby, are you ok?
What's dad doing
with his mouth?
Looks like
he's kissing.
Well,
this is awkward.
Somebody
put a blanket
over it.
Tastes so good.
Ok. All right.
Kids inside! Now!
Tina: Ohh.
[electronic backbeat playing]
Before moolissa,
I used to say
it's just beef.
I couldn't have
been more wrong.
[bark bark]
Cows are
living creatures
With beautiful hair
and soft brown eyes,
Soft mouths...
Whoo!
And also they are beef.
They're
the full package.
[moo]
Does that make me
a hypocrite to say that?
Yes.
No, it doesn't, randy.
Or if it does,
I can live with that.
I present
our 100,000th burger.
[applause]
100,000th burger!
All right!
Right. Undo the banner.
Bob's burger,
100,000! All right!
Hooray!
Do the banner.
Here's the banner!
Here comes
the banner!
I humbly call this
the rest in peas burger.
[linda laughs]
heh.
Because it, uh,
comes with snap peas
and carrots.
Thank you.
All right,
funeral people,
It's time to party!
[house music playing]
Gene dog in the house!
♪ gene machine ♪
♪ yeah ♪
♪ in the house ♪
[echoes]
what up? What up?
Get ready...
Let's get it on.
To get down.
[house music playing]
-- Sync by Rafael UPD --
www.addic7ed.com/